fix(copilot): Clarify StoreValueBlock vs PersistInformationBlock (#13445)
Significant-Gravitas/Auto-GPT: autogpt_platform/backend/backend/copilot/sdk/agent_generation_guide.md

- **is_static links**: Set `is_static: true` when the link carries a
  design-time constant (matches a field in inputSchema with a default).
- **ConditionBlock**: Needs a `StoreValueBlock` wired to its `value2` input.
- **StoreValueBlock vs PersistInformationBlock** — these are NOT interchangeable:
  - `StoreValueBlock` (ID: `1ff065e9-88e8-4358-9d82-8dc91f622ba9`) — holds a
    constant **within one run only** (ephemeral). Use it to fan a value out to

>     multiple blocks in the same execution, or as a prerequisite for ConditionBlock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    constant **within one run only** (ephemeral). Use it to reuse a single output value
    as input for multiple node runs (within the same agent run).
```
